Improve IM docs (#428)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/users/compute/orchestration/im/cli/_index.md

### Authentication data file

> An authentication file must be created to access the IM service. It must have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An authentication file must be created to access the IM service. It must have 
```

> An authentication file must be created to access the IM service. It must have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An authentication file must be created to access the IM service. It must have```

> An authentication file must be created to access the IM service. It must have 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An authentication file must be created to access the IM service. It must have
```

> To access the IM service an authentication file must be created. It must have
> one line per authentication element. **It must have at least one line with the
> authentication data for the IM service** and another one for the Cloud/s
> provider/s the user want to access. Each line of the file is composed by pairs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An authentication file must be created to access the IM service. It must have
one line per authentication element. **It must have at least one line with the
authentication data for the IM service** and another one for the Cloud
provider(s) the user want to access. Each line of the file is composed by pairs
```

a valid access token:

```shell

> type = InfrastructureManager; token = command(oidc-token OIDC_ACCOUNT)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
id = im; type = InfrastructureManager; token = command(oidc-token OIDC_ACCOUNT)
```

deploy node 1
```

IM also supports TOSCA. For example this is an equivalent TOSCA document to

> deploy a single VM::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deploy a single VM:
```

```yaml
tosca_definitions_version: tosca_simple_yaml_1_0

imports:
- indigo_custom_types: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/indigo-dc/tosca-types/master/custom_types.yaml

topology_template:

> node_templates:

Reviewer 3: Thanks @micafer !

Does `node_template` need to be indented below `topology_template`?

Reviewer 3: When I copied and pasted the `yaml` and got:
```
$ im_client.py create tosca.yaml 
Secure connection with: https://appsgrycap.i3m.upv.es:31443/im/
ERROR creating the infrastructure: Error Creating Inf.: 'ToscaTemplate' object has no attribute 'nodetemplates'
```

When I execute it with the following `tosca.yaml`:
```yaml
tosca_definitions_version: tosca_simple_yaml_1_0
imports:
- indigo_custom_types: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/indigo-dc/tosca-types/master/custom_types.yaml
topology_template:
node_templates:
    simple_node:
      type: tosca.nodes.indigo.Compute
      capabilities:
        endpoint:
          properties:
            network_name: PUBLIC
        host:
          properties:
            num_cpus: 1
            mem_size: 1 GB
        os:
          properties:
            image: appdb://egi.ubuntu.20.04?vo.access.egi.eu
outputs:
  node_ip:
    value: { get_attribute: [ simple_node, public_address, 0 ] }
  node_creds:
    value: { get_attribute: [ simple_node, endpoint, credential, 0 ] }
```

I get:
```
$ im_client.py create tosca.yaml 
Secure connection with: https://appsgrycap.i3m.upv.es:31443/im/
ERROR creating the infrastructure: Error Creating Inf.: Error adding VMs: Error launching the VMs of type simple_node to cloud ID egi of type EGI. Error, no concrete system to deploy: simple_node in cloud: egi. Check if a correct image is being used
```

Sorry in advance for naive questions, I am just learning TOSCA now.

Author: > Does `node_template` need to be indented below `topology_template`?
You are right. I have fixed the indentation.

Reviewer 3: Great!

I am still getting:
```
ERROR creating the infrastructure: Error Creating Inf.: Error adding VMs: Error launching the VMs of type simple_node to cloud ID egi of type EGI. Error, no concrete system to deploy: simple_node in cloud: egi. Check if a correct image is being used
```

Do you have a suggestion to solve this issue?

Author: You have detected a bug in the IM.
I will fix for the next release.
In the meantime you can change the image url to:
```yaml
image: appdb://SITE_NAME/egi.ubuntu.20.04?vo.access.egi.eu
```

Reviewer 3: Oh, I see.

After updating the `tosca.yaml` file I get
```shell
$ im_client.py create tosca.yaml 
Secure connection with: https://appsgrycap.i3m.upv.es:31443/im/
ERROR creating the infrastructure: Error Creating Inf.: Project vo.access.egi.eu not found
```
Sorry for being picky, maybe I am doing something wrong now?

Author: are you part of the `vo.access.egi.eu` and the site supports it?

Reviewer 3: Indeed, I am a member of `vo.access.egi.eu` and `GSI-LCG2` supports it. Actually, I have deployed VMs with IM Dashboard in (`vo.access.egi.eu`, `GSI-LCG2`) but I got the error above with `im-client`. Changing the site to `CESGA` in `im-client` worked! Maybe it has to do with the issues with TLS and IGTF certificates?

Reviewer 3: Actually, I think the error above happens when the OpenStack project name differs from the VO name. I have replicated the issue with `IFCA-LCG2`.

Reviewer 3: FYI: helper command is `fedcloud endpoint vos -a`

Author: Indeed it is bug related with the previous one.
I fixed it in the devel instance of the IM you can test it.
https://appsgrycap.i3m.upv.es:31443/im-dev/

Reviewer 3: I get a `404` with https://appsgrycap.i3m.upv.es:31443/im-dev/
Please have a look and I will be happy to test.

Reviewer 3: Oh, sorry, that's the REST API endpoint! Trying now!

Reviewer 3: yep, working now!

    simple_node:
      type: tosca.nodes.indigo.Compute
      capabilities:
        endpoint:
          properties:

>             network_name: PUBLIC

Reviewer 3: True, thanks!

>             network_name: PUBLIC

Reviewer: thanks for the debugging @sebastian-luna-valero and @micafer!

        host:
          properties:

>             num_cpus: 1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            num_cpus: 2
```

>             num_cpus: 2

Reviewer: This is not consistent with the example above. I suggest to align them

Reviewer 3: sorry, I forgot to resolve the comments above, is that the reason?

Author: I change the RADL to be consistent.

>             mem_size: 1 GB

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            mem_size: 4 GB
```

        os:
          properties:

>             image: appdb://egi.ubuntu.20.04?vo.access.egi.eu

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            image: appdb://SCAI/egi.ubuntu.20.04?vo.access.egi.eu
```

>             image: appdb://SCAI/egi.ubuntu.20.04?vo.access.egi.eu

Reviewer: Also above there is no reference to SCAI, is that missing?

Author: I changed the RADL to be consistent.

  outputs:
    node_ip:
      value: { get_attribute: [ simple_node, public_address, 0 ] }
    node_creds:
      value: { get_attribute: [ simple_node, endpoint, credential, 0 ] }
```

Then we can call the `create` operation of the IM client tool using the a radl

> or a TOSCA yaml file:

Reviewer: is the same `create` operation for yaml or radl? does the user need to specify anything?

Author: It is the same create operation. The user does no have to specify anything. 
The client assumes the content of the file from the file extesion (.radl or .yml/yaml).

$ im_client.py ssh 457273ea-85e4-11ec-aa81-faaae69bc911
```

> In case of having used a TOSCA yaml document to create the infrastructure
> we can also get the TOSCA output values with the `getoutputs` operation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using a TOSCA yaml document to create the infrastructure,
we can get the TOSCA output values with the `getoutputs` operation:
```
